I was still a little dissapointed with the marks that I recieved for my POE part 2, even though I got a distinction but to my extremely high expectations I had recieved lower than what I had expected of myself. But Looking at my progress from part 1 POE marks I have gained major improvement which was very evident. The feedback I got from my Part 2 shows that I lost minor marks due to not meeting certain expection like not having enough in my ReadMe file etc. In a nutshell though I did extremely well in my Part2 as I got above the distinction mark as I made sure that instructions were met and fullfilled. As I used CSS effeciently and extremely well. For this part (Part 3) I made sure to follow intructions I did this by retrieving brand new codes and implementing JavaScript codes correctly thus making my companies website interactive and mobile friendly, I made sure to follow instructions when I was working on it, double checking every code implemented on it. I first struggled with implementing javaScript to my code as it was a brand new language that I didnt really learn a lot about in class or had a lot of time to understand. So I had to first understand what was happening. This time around I made sure that I initiate my commits with proper word structure and make sure that consistency is kept when it comes to push my codes. The only this I wish i could have attained for my Part2 is 100% , but there is still hope as I am working on my Part 3 as I have dreams to obtain 100% or maybe 97% as I have had sleepless hours working on this, so I am having faith that my dream will into influation. I have  been alerted with all the expectation that come with Part 3 If i want to make my website design exepctional as I aim to gain a lot of marks for it. So For this Part I made sure that all requirements have been covered this being including, commenting my code, making a style sheet page for my CSS, and all material that has been asked for I have tried to attend to.For My Part 2 I have implemented top tier CSS that has taken my website from one level to another, all my codes still come from the same sources on the internet. I have added new Images, gifs and buttons to my code . I have also extraordinatily improved my enquire page with the Use of JavaScript and JQuery making it interactive and responsive . I have high expentancy that my POE will better than my part 2 as I will look through the rubric and read carefully of what is expected of my website. Referance List: www.w3schools.com ban bro videos, 2024, Youtube https://youtu.be/f3uCSh6LIY0?si=7aGFBpbtysqJpsuI[Accessed 3 April 2025]. WWW.WWorld Wide Web Consortium.com iie MM HTML Cheatsheet(Rosebank) https://pixabay.com/ [Accessed 1 April 2025] www.Logomaker.com [Accessed 1 April 2025] www.shecodes.com [Accessed 2 May 2025] My Wesite pages on diffrent devices:
CHANGE Log : I have a detailed ReadMe file 
             I have implemented JavaScript in the applicable pages 
             I have more suitable pictures 
             I have changed tha type of CSS I was using and implemnted a better one
# WEDE5020-POE-Part-3-
WEDE5020 POE Part 3 
